DotVPN — Better than VPN.                                         Premium Download Why DotVPN? Help   Sign In Get Started          Download App               Premium Download Why DotVPN? Help   Sign In Get Started   User Agreement Privacy Policy Refund Policy Website Terms   About Us Feedback   
  
    
      
        
          
          
          
          Say hello to the better way to VPN
          Protect your privacy with one click apps on lightning-fast speeds.
          Get a VPN tunnel and encrypt your connection anywhere in the world.
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          Get DotVPN for your device
          
          
          
        
      
    
  


  
    
      
        
          
            
              Enjoy Freedom & Privacy
              On your computer, phone and tablet
              
                
                  Simple is good
                  Beautiful, easy-to-use interface. Just turn it on and unblock the entire Internet via Wi-Fi hotspot or cellular network.
                
                
                  Unlimited bandwidth
                  Save up to 30% of your data traffic with integrated compression.
                
              
            
            
              
            
          
        
      
    
  



  
    
      
        
          
            
              DotVPN for Everyone.
              
              Open up a whole new world of identity protection and censorship-free browsing.
              We give you features that make the Internet better: tracker and analytics blocking, integrated firewall, zero-logging service, DDoS protection, TOR integration, and much, much more.
              
              Explore features
            
            
              
            
          
        
      
    
  


  
    
      
        Subscribe to DotVPN Premium or surf for free.
          
          
            
              
                
                  Premium
                  $2.99/month*
                  *billed annually or $4.99 monthly
                    
                      Faster network
                      Unlimited data usage
                      Video streaming
                      Audio streaming
                      Cloud firewall protection
                      Zero content restrictions
                      4096-bit encryption key
                      Peer-to-peer downloads
                    
                  See Premium
                
              
            
            
              
                
                  Free
                  $0/month
                  
                    Faster network
                    Unlimited data usage
                    Video streaming
                    Audio streaming
                    Cloud firewall protection
                    Zero content restrictions
                    4096-bit encryption key
                    Peer-to-peer downloads
                  
                  Get Free
                
              
            
          
        
        
            Terms and conditions apply. If you are not completely happy with, we will refund you.
        
       
    
  

       Features Download Premium Support  Sign up Login  User Agreement Privacy Policy Refund Policy Terms of service   About DotVPN Leave Feedback    © Smart Security Limited (ID 2095140), 2017. Unit 19, 7/F., One Midtown, No.11 Hoi Shing Road, New Territories, Tsuen Wan, Hong Kong.